Add runtime changes to beta 4 release note (#1360)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-beta4-release-note.md

#### Improvements

> ##### Improved error messages given on a type conversion failure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Improved Error Messages on a Type Conversion Failure
```

> Detailed error messages are now given on a type conversion failure narrowing down the specific location of errors in the structural types. Maximum no. of 20 errors are shown at a time to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed error messages are now given on a type conversion failure narrowing down the specific location of errors in the structural types. A maximum number of 20 errors are shown at a time.
```

> Eg:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E.g.,
```

}
``` 
now gives
```
error: {ballerina/lang.value}ConversionError {"message":"'json[]' value cannot be converted to '[Journey,[Journey,map<Journey>],()[],int...]': 
                missing required field '[0].rating' of type '[string,decimal]' in record 'Journey'
                map field '[0].destinations.Bali' should be of type 'int', found '"2"'
                field '[0].enjoyable' in record 'Journey' should be of type 'boolean[]', found 'true'
                tuple element '[1][0]' should be of type 'Journey', found '12'
                map field '[1][1].first.destinations.Bali' should be of type 'int', found 'true'
                map field '[1][1].first.destinations.Hawaii' should be of type 'int', found '"3"'
                array element '[1][1].first.enjoyable[0]' should be of type 'boolean', found '1'
                tuple element '[1][1].first.rating[0]' should be of type 'string', found '10'
                array element '[2][1]' should be of type '()', found '0'
                tuple element '[3]' should be of type 'int', found '"1234567890123456789...'"}
        at ballerina.lang.value.0:cloneWithType(value.bal:86)
           errmsg:main(errmsg.bal:18)
```

> ##### Improvement in Runtime Error Creator API 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Improvement in the Runtime Error Creator API 
```

> Runtime Java error creator API has been improved to get a `BMap` as `details` parameter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The runtime Java error creator API has been improved to get a `BMap` as the `details` parameter. 
```

```Java
BError createError(Module module, String errorTypeName, BString message, BError cause, BMap<BString, Object> details)
```

#### New Runtime Java APIs

> ##### API to access Information of Type Inclusions at the Runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### API to Access Information of Type Inclusions at the Runtime
```

> A new API is introduced to retrieve the type ids of given io.ballerina.runtime.api.types.ObjectType

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new API is introduced to retrieve the type IDs of the given `io.ballerina.runtime.api.types.ObjectType`.
```

```Java
TypeIdSet getTypeIdSet();
``` 

> ##### API to retrieve the constituent types of an intersection type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### API to Retrieve the Constituent Types of an Intersection Type
```

> A new API is introduced to provide the list of constituent types of a given io.ballerina.runtime.api.types.IntersectionType.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new API is introduced to provide the list of constituent types of a given `io.ballerina.runtime.api.types.IntersectionType`.
```

```Java
List<Type> getConstituentTypes();
``` 

#### Bug Fixes

> ##### JSON should not support single-quote to mark the boundary of a string value 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Removed Supporting the Single-Quote to Mark the Boundary of a JSON String Value 
```

}
```

> ##### Unused configurable value warnings are now thrown as errors

Reviewer: ##### Throw Unused Configurable Value Warnings as Errors

When there is a configuration value provided in the `Config.toml` file or a command line argument that does not match
with the existing configurable variables, it will fail at runtime with an error instead of a warning.

> For example, if we have the following in `main.bal`,

Reviewer: For example, if you have the following in the `main.bal` file,

```ballerina
configurable int a = ?;
```

and the following in the `Config.toml` file,

```toml
a = 2
b = "invalid"

[c]
d = 45
```

> Then, it will fail with following errors.

Reviewer: then, it will fail with the following errors.
